wiki/markdown/add-subscription.md, before:

# Add Subscription

This form is used to add subscription through front-end GUI. Here is a
description of the elements available on this form.

<kbd>
    <img style="border:1px solid black" src="images/subscription_add_part1.png"></img>
</kbd>

**Load Subscription Template:** In this dropdown list, options are given to
select a specific template for the subscription form. Currently, the following
options are listed: Jenkins Pipeline Parametrized Job Trigger, REST POST and
Mail Trigger.

**SubscriptionName:** A field to give a name to the current subscription. Only
letters, underscore and numbers are allowed in this field.

<kbd>
    <img style="border:1px solid black" src="images/subscription_add_part2.png"></img>
</kbd>

**NotificationType:** There are two options: REST POST and
Mail Trigger, depending on how a subscriber want to be notified when a
subscription is fulfilled. If Notification type MAIL is selected an email
subject may be entered, but it is optional.

**RestPostMediaType:** Options for selecting a
specific form content type. The options available in the list depends on the
selected template type.

**NotificationMessage:** It is used to send a message to a specific client. The
format of the message depends on the options selected in the NotificationMessage
and RestPostMediaType. A button, “Add Key/Value pair”, in this field may be
used to add more messages, if the selected RestPostBodyMediaType is FORM/POST
parameters.

**NotificationMeta:** Is the selected subscriber to notify when a subscription
is triggered. It could be an email address such as `example@mail.com` or a url
like `host.com/endpoint`. If you wish to trigger Jenkins job when a subscription
is fulfilled then the url for the job could be set as the notificationMeta.
Parameters such as a Jenkins job-token can be included in this field.
**Note**: The job-token should not be mistaken for the API token that is
used as a password for authentication against the entire jenkins instance.

<kbd>
    <img style="border:1px solid black" src="images/subscription_add_part3.png"></img>
</kbd>

**Authentication:** A list to select authentication type.
* NO_AUTH: _No Authentication used_
* BASIC_AUTH: _Username and password will be Base 64 encoded_
* BASIC_AUTH Jenkins CSRF Protection (crumb): _Username and password will
be Base 64 encoded. A crumb will be fetched automatically before request is made.
(Currently default in many Jenkins instances). **Note**: Will work even when CSRF
is disabled in Jenkins._

<kbd>
    <img style="border:1px solid black" src="images/subscription_add_part4.png"></img>
</kbd>

**Repeat:** It is possible to enable repeat, e.g. whether same subscription
should be re-triggered for new additions to the aggregated object. If disabled,
the notification will be triggered only the first time when conditions are
fulfilled.

**Requirement and Conditions:** It is used to add a requirement, which need to
be fulfilled before a subscription is triggered. Requirement is added in the form
of a condition (with a specific format). More than one conditions may be added
under one requirement by using “Add Condition” button. It should be noted
that conditions under one requirement are connected by logical “AND”.
Thus all conditions udder one requirement need to be satisfied before a subscription
is triggered. More than one requirements may be added by “Add Requirement” button.
Requirements are connected by logical “OR”.
**_More information about how to write Requirement and Conditions can be found [here](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-intelligence/blob/master/wiki/markdown/subscriptions.md#writing-requirements-and-conditions)._**

Commit message:

Change documentation information about repeat
- Change the information of repeat handling to make it more clear about multiple requirements and that it doesn't affect the repeat functionality.

wiki/markdown/add-subscription.md, after:

# Add Subscription

This form is used to add subscription through front-end GUI. Here is a
description of the elements available on this form.

<kbd>
    <img style="border:1px solid black" src="images/subscription_add_part1.png"></img>
</kbd>

**Load Subscription Template:** In this dropdown list, options are given to
select a specific template for the subscription form. Currently, the following
options are listed: Jenkins Pipeline Parametrized Job Trigger, REST POST and
Mail Trigger.

**SubscriptionName:** A field to give a name to the current subscription. Only
letters, underscore and numbers are allowed in this field.

<kbd>
    <img style="border:1px solid black" src="images/subscription_add_part2.png"></img>
</kbd>

**NotificationType:** There are two options: REST POST and
Mail Trigger, depending on how a subscriber want to be notified when a
subscription is fulfilled. If Notification type MAIL is selected an email
subject may be entered, but it is optional.

**RestPostMediaType:** Options for selecting a
specific form content type. The options available in the list depends on the
selected template type.

**NotificationMessage:** It is used to send a message to a specific client. The
format of the message depends on the options selected in the NotificationMessage
and RestPostMediaType. A button, “Add Key/Value pair”, in this field may be
used to add more messages, if the selected RestPostBodyMediaType is FORM/POST
parameters.

**NotificationMeta:** Is the selected subscriber to notify when a subscription
is triggered. It could be an email address such as `example@mail.com` or a url
like `host.com/endpoint`. If you wish to trigger Jenkins job when a subscription
is fulfilled then the url for the job could be set as the notificationMeta.
Parameters such as a Jenkins job-token can be included in this field.
**Note**: The job-token should not be mistaken for the API token that is
used as a password for authentication against the entire jenkins instance.

<kbd>
    <img style="border:1px solid black" src="images/subscription_add_part3.png"></img>
</kbd>

**Authentication:** A list to select authentication type.
* NO_AUTH: _No Authentication used_
* BASIC_AUTH: _Username and password will be Base 64 encoded_
* BASIC_AUTH Jenkins CSRF Protection (crumb): _Username and password will
be Base 64 encoded. A crumb will be fetched automatically before request is made.
(Currently default in many Jenkins instances). **Note**: Will work even when CSRF
is disabled in Jenkins._

<kbd>
    <img style="border:1px solid black" src="images/subscription_add_part4.png"></img>
</kbd>

**Repeat:** It is possible to enable repeat, e.g. whether same subscription
should be re-triggered for new additions to the aggregated object. If disabled,
the notification will be triggered only the first time when requirements are
fulfilled. It doesn't matter if you have multiple requirements, it will only be triggered once.

**Requirement and Conditions:** It is used to add a requirement, which need to
be fulfilled before a subscription is triggered. Requirement is added in the form
of a condition (with a specific format). More than one conditions may be added
under one requirement by using “Add Condition” button. It should be noted
that conditions under one requirement are connected by logical “AND”.
Thus all conditions udder one requirement need to be satisfied before a subscription
is triggered. More than one requirements may be added by “Add Requirement” button.
Requirements are connected by logical “OR”.
**_More information about how to write Requirement and Conditions can be found [here](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-intelligence/blob/master/wiki/markdown/subscriptions.md#writing-requirements-and-conditions)._**
