src/main/docker/README.md, before:

## A: Build Eiffel Intelligence frontend Docker image based on Eiffel Intelligence frontend from an Artifactory, e.g. Jitpack:
cd (git root dir)
docker build -t eiffel-intelligence-frontend --build-arg URL=https://jitpack.io/com/github/eiffel-community/eiffel-intelligence-frontend/1.0.1/eiffel-intelligence-frontend-1.0.1.war -f src/main/docker/Dockerfile .


## B: Build Eiffel Intelligence frontend based on local source code changes
1. Build Eiffel Intelligence frontend artifact:
cd (git root dir)
mvn package -DskipTests

2. Build Eiffel-Intelligence frontend Docker image:
cd (git root dir)/
export EIFFEL_WAR=$(ls target/*.war)
docker build -t eiffel-intelligence-frontend --build-arg URL=./${EIFFEL_WAR} -f src/main/docker/Dockerfile .


## Use docker-compose to set up eco system for testing Eiffel Intelligence

By using the docker-compose file in this directory it is possible to set up a
complete environment to run integration tests and/or system test scenarios
for Eiffel Intelligence. If you want to test with your latest local changes,
change the docker images used for the Eiffel Intelligence services.

To set up the environment for running system tests (from root directory):

    source src/main/docker/env.bash
    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/docker-compose.yml up -d


Or start up specific services (only ones needed for integration tests) by listing them like so:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/docker-compose.yml up -d eiffel-er mongodb rabbitmq jenkins mail-server

NOTE: Integration tests does not need a frontend started in a docker container,
since Spring will start up EI instances for each integration test.

Commit message:

Add script to run system tests (#234)

src/main/docker/README.md, after:

## A: Build Eiffel Intelligence frontend Docker image based on Eiffel Intelligence frontend from an Artifactory, e.g. Jitpack:
cd (git root dir)
docker build -t eiffel-intelligence-frontend --build-arg URL=https://jitpack.io/com/github/eiffel-community/eiffel-intelligence-frontend/1.0.1/eiffel-intelligence-frontend-1.0.1.war -f src/main/docker/Dockerfile .


## B: Build Eiffel Intelligence frontend based on local source code changes
1. Build Eiffel Intelligence frontend artifact:
cd (git root dir)
mvn package -DskipTests

2. Build Eiffel-Intelligence frontend Docker image:
cd (git root dir)/
export EIFFEL_WAR=$(ls target/*.war)
docker build -t eiffel-intelligence-frontend --build-arg URL=./${EIFFEL_WAR} -f src/main/docker/Dockerfile .


## Use docker-compose to set up eco system for testing Eiffel Intelligence

By using the docker-compose file in this directory it is possible to set up a
complete environment to run integration tests and/or system test scenarios
for Eiffel Intelligence. If you want to test with your latest local changes,
add the '--build' flag and docker-compose will build Eiffel Intelligence 
and Jenkins images based on the instructions in docker-compose.yml file.

**To set up environment with latest code changes of Eiffel Intelligence (from root directory):**
The --build flag ensures the Docker images will be rebuilt if you have other 
Docker images with the same name:tag lying around. Eiffel Intelligence back-ends
and front-end and Jenkins containers will be built before starting up the environment. 

    source src/main/docker/env.bash
    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/docker-compose.yml up -d --build

**To run with older (specific) versions of Eiffel Intelligence pulled from DockerHub:**
To avoid building any Eiffel Intelligence images that don't exist locally,
run the command 'docker-compose pull serviceName' on the images you want.
This will pull the image with the version specified in the docker-compose.yml
from DockerHub, so that when up command is run this image will be used, and 
it will not be rebuilt.

    source src/main/docker/env.bash
    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/docker-compose.uml pull <serviceName>
    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/docker-compose.yml up -d

**Start up specific services (only ones needed for integration tests) by listing them like so:**

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/docker-compose.yml up -d eiffel-er mongodb rabbitmq jenkins mail-server

NOTE: Integration tests does not need a frontend started in a docker container,
since Spring will start up EI instances for each integration test.
